h
in the environment
business to be
of the 18 musicians seven are brothers
quispe is one of the classics as
he knows them I can tell you
music has been a world
from generation to generation as now
with those who are
cousins ​​cousins nephews
undoubtedly the almost broths are and
the manifests and celebrations that are
of fond memories for don jose
founder of the band who says that the
music takes it in the veins
when we talk inside their
members
a rose 1
share the stage
and also integrates the band
then I did not have
It is said to buy you something
in jobs they did not accept us at
women because we were
in pregnant 2 my inspiration was that
and I started playing
of his mother-wife activities and
music because the instruments
they are passionate
in the blood the blood of the k girls
the boys are musicians
we have enough
this is the fifth generation of musicians
that make up the
from cotocollao